docs/docs/commands.md, before:

# `/activitystats`

## Description
Shows the server Actitivity Stats. (a better description? just adding some kind of placeholder)

## Command
`/activitystats`
___
# `/addactivityrole`

## Description
Adds a new activity role to the server. (a better description? just adding some kind of placeholder)

## Command
`/addactivityrole <activity> [<role> <exact_activity_name> <permanent> <remove_after_days>]`

## Arguments
### required
- `<activity>`: Represent what activity the bot should look for when assigning a role.
### optional
- `<role>`: If not provided, the bot will look for roles with the same name or create a new one.
- `<exact_activity_name>`: If false, the activity name 'Chrome' would also trigger for 'Google Chrome'.
- `<permanent>` - the role will not be removed again if set to true.

!!! bug

    the remove_after_days feature is currently not working. See the [GitHub issue](https://github.com/tippfehlr/activity-roles/issues/94) for more details.

- `<remove_after_days>`: remove roles again after x days with no activity. Only works with permanent = true.

___

# `/checkroles`

## Description
Verify users roles, then adds and remove bot's roles. (a better description? just adding some kind of placeholder)

## Command
`/checkroles`

Commit message:

docs: add title to commands.md, other small changes

docs/docs/commands.md, after:

# Commands

## `/activitystats`

Lists activities from this server.

### Command
`/activitystats`

---

## `/addactivityrole`

Adds a new activity role to the server.

### Arguments
`/addactivityrole <activity> [role] [exact_activity_name] [permanent] [remove_after_days]`

#### required
- `activity`: Represent what activity the bot should look for when assigning a role.

#### optional
- `role`: If not provided, the bot will look for roles with the same name or create a new one.
- `exact_activity_name`: If false, the activity name 'Chrome' would also trigger for 'Google Chrome'.
- `permanent` - the role will not be removed again if set to true.

!!! bug

    the remove_after_days feature is currently not working. See the [GitHub issue](https://github.com/tippfehlr/activity-roles/issues/94) for more details.

- `<remove_after_days>`: remove roles again after x days with no activity. Only works with permanent = true.

---

## `/checkroles`
Rechecks all activities and cleans up all temporary roles without activities.

### Command
`/checkroles`
